Update readme with native auth content (#2080)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc: README.md

Microsoft Authentication Library for iOS and macOS
=====================================

| Documentation                  | Sample Code               | Library Reference | Support | Feedback|
|-------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------------|---------|----------|

> | [MSAL iOS and macOS documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/) <br/> [Workforce apps tutorials](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/tutorial-v2-ios)<br/> Customer apps tutorials <br/>  • Browser-delegated <br/>• Native Authentication | [Workforce samples](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=framework#ios) <br/> [Customer samples](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=apptype#mobile)          | [ MSAL iOS and macOS reference](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc/)              | [Support](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc/blob/dev/README.md#community-help-and-support)    | [Feedback](https://forms.office.com/r/xuBV0CzEih) |

Reviewer: Because the links are one under the other they aren't clear that they 2 different links.
There should be a way to differentiate them
<img width="490" alt="Screenshot 2024-03-04 at 13 15 05" src="https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc/assets/111577419/8ad0b997-b6fe-495a-af3e-7062f72d9663">
Not sure how the name on Github "Workforce apps tutorials" connects to the name in the link "Tutorial: Sign in users and call Microsoft Graph from an iOS or macOS app" - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/tutorial-v2-ios
Same for the links under "Workforce samples" which leads to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=framework#ios and the  MSAL iOS and macOS reference which leads to the Mobile - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=apptype#mobile

Author: Thanks @spetrescu84 for an early review here.

For the documentation updates and links:

- We point to the official MSAL ObjC docs on MS Learn - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/
- Within the getting started section of the readme, we provide links to the different quickstarts/tutorials that devs can follow, based on their scenario and type of app they're building (workforce/customer)
- I've also removed much of the content that's duplicated in the official docs (configuration, initialize client app, and acquire tokens) and instead pointed to the guidance on MS Learn, i.e:
     * [Configure your project to use MSAL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/install-and-configure-msal#configuring-your-project-to-use-msal)
    * [Configure authority for different identities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/configure-authority)
    * [Configure redirect URIs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/redirect-uris-ios)
    * [Acquire tokens](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/acquire-tokens)

As for the code samples, we also need to differentiate the between workforce and customer sample apps, that's why we have two links. Eventually, the links will point to the code samples browser, such as (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/samples/browse/?products=microsoft-authentication-library) I'm working to get all code samples for iOS and macOS onboarded there.

Microsoft Authentication Library for iOS and macOS
=====================================

| Documentation                  | Code Samples      | Library Reference | Support | Feedback|
|-------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------------|---------|----------|
| [MSAL iOS and macOS documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/) | &#8226;  [Microsoft Entra ID (workforce samples)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/sample-v2-code?tabs=framework#ios)<br/>&#8226; [Microsoft Entra External ID (customer samples)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/samples-ciam-all?tabs=apptype#mobile)          | [ SDK reference](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc/)             | [Get support](README.md#community-help-and-support) | [Feedback](https://forms.office.com/r/xuBV0CzEih) |

> The Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for iOS and macOS is an Auth SDK that can be used to seamlessly integrate authentication into your apps using industry standard OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. It allows you to sign in users or apps with Microsoft identities. These identities include Microsoft Entra ID work and school accounts, personal microsoft accounts, social accounts, customer accounts, and more. Using MSAL for iOS and macOS, you can acquire security tokens from the Microsoft identity platform to authenticate users and access secure web APIs for their applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for iOS and macOS is an auth SDK that can be used to seamlessly integrate authentication into your apps using industry standard OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. It allows you to sign in users or apps with Microsoft identities. These identities include Microsoft Entra ID work and school accounts, personal Microsoft accounts, social accounts, customer accounts, and more. Using MSAL for iOS and macOS, you can acquire security tokens from the Microsoft identity platform to authenticate users and access secure web APIs for their applications.
```

Reviewer 2: >_These identities include Microsoft Entra ID work and school accounts, personal Microsoft accounts, social accounts, customer accounts, **and more**._

I'm don't think there's an "and more" here, I think we've named all the types we support in preceding list.

> MSAL for iOS and macOS supports multiple authentication scenarios, such as single sign-on (SSO), conditional access, and brokered authentication. The library also provides native authentication APIs that allow applications to implement a native experience with end-to-end customizable flows in their mobile applications. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MSAL for iOS and macOS supports multiple authentication scenarios, such as single sign-on (SSO), Conditional Access, and brokered authentication. The library also provides native authentication APIs that allow applications to implement a native experience with end-to-end customizable flows in their mobile applications. 
```

Reviewer 2: I presume "native experience" here is a nod to capabilities added as part of External ID? If yes, think we should specify that those features are applicable only to External ID.

## Get started

> To use MSAL iOS and macOS in your application, you need to register your application in the Microsoft Entra Admin center and configure your project. Since the SDK supports both browser-delegated and native authentication experiences, follow the steps in the one of these quickstarts based on your scenario.

Reviewer 3: Native Auth code will not be available to macOS, can we specify this note somewhere in this doc?

* For browser-delegated authentication scenarios, refer to the quickstart, [Sign in users and call Microsoft Graph from an iOS or macOS app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-mobile-app-ios-sign-in).

> * For native authentication scenarios, refer to the Microsoft Entra External ID sample guide, [Run iOS sample app](https://review.learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/how-to-run-native-authentication-sample-ios-app?branch=release-native-auth-public-preview).

Reviewer 2: Should this be a `review.*` link?

Author: This will be updated to a live link once the naive auth docs go live

## Migrate from ADAL Objective-C

> The Azure Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) for Objective-C was deprecated on June 2023. Follow the [ADAL to MSAL migration guide for iOS and macOS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/migrate-objc-adal-msal) to avoid putting your app's security at risk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Azure Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) for Objective-C has been deprecated effective June 2023. Follow the [ADAL to MSAL migration guide for iOS and macOS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/migrate-objc-adal-msal) to avoid putting your app's security at risk.
```

The Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for iOS and macOS is an auth SDK that can be used to seamlessly integrate authentication into your apps using industry standard OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. It allows you to sign in users or apps with Microsoft identities. These identities include Microsoft Entra ID work and school accounts, personal Microsoft accounts, social accounts, and customer accounts. 

Using MSAL for iOS and macOS, you can acquire security tokens from the Microsoft identity platform to authenticate users and access secure web APIs for their applications. The library supports multiple authentication scenarios, such as single sign-on (SSO), Conditional Access, and brokered authentication. 

> MSAL iOS also provides native authentication APIs that allow applications to implement a native experience with end-to-end customizable flows in their mobile applications. With native authentication, users are guided through a rich, native, mobile-first sign-up and sign-in journey without leaving the app. The native authentication feature is only available for mobile apps on [External ID for customers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/concept-native-authentication). macOS is not supported.

Author: @nilo-ms this section explicitly states our support for native-auth capabilities

Reviewer 3: Thanks Dickson, the section is ok to me, I'd only add a title "Native authentication" before this section

Author: Got you, I'll include a H2

## Get started

To use MSAL iOS and macOS in your application, you need to register your application in the Microsoft Entra Admin center and configure your project. Since the SDK supports both browser-delegated and native authentication experiences, follow the steps in the one of these quickstarts based on your scenario.

* For browser-delegated authentication scenarios, refer to the quickstart, [Sign in users and call Microsoft Graph from an iOS or macOS app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-mobile-app-ios-sign-in).

* For native authentication scenarios on iOS apps, refer to the Microsoft Entra External ID sample guide, [Run iOS sample app](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/how-to-run-native-authentication-sample-ios-app).

## Migrate from ADAL Objective-C

> The Azure Active Directory Authentication Library (ADAL) for Objective-C has been deprecated effective June 2023. Follow the [ADAL to MSAL migration guide for iOS and macOS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/objc/migrate-objc-adal-msal) to avoid putting your app's security at risk.

Reviewer 3: I would mention the discontinuation date (if we have one)

Author: We currently don't have a set discontinuation date, but I'll update it with any new messaging that comes through

The Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for iOS and macOS is an auth SDK that can be used to seamlessly integrate authentication into your apps using industry standard OAuth2 and OpenID Connect. It allows you to sign in users or apps with Microsoft identities. These identities include Microsoft Entra ID work and school accounts, personal Microsoft accounts, social accounts, and customer accounts. 

Using MSAL for iOS and macOS, you can acquire security tokens from the Microsoft identity platform to authenticate users and access secure web APIs for their applications. The library supports multiple authentication scenarios, such as single sign-on (SSO), Conditional Access, and brokered authentication. 

> ## Native authentication support in MSAL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Native authentication support in MSAL
```

@Dickson-Mwendia Can we make this heading less emphasized in the doc? Currently this is on equal-tier with 'Getting Started' but feels _less important_

Author: Sure @iambmelt, good call out

> MSAL iOS also provides native authentication APIs that allow applications to implement a native experience with end-to-end customizable flows in their mobile applications. With native authentication, users are guided through a rich, native, mobile-first sign-up and sign-in journey without leaving the app. The native authentication feature is only available for mobile apps on [External ID for customers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/concept-native-authentication). macOS is not supported.

Reviewer 3: @Dickson-Mwendia can you please add this change too?
```suggestion
MSAL iOS also provides native authentication APIs that allow applications to implement a native experience with end-to-end customizable flows in their mobile applications. With native authentication, users are guided through a rich, native, mobile-first sign-up and sign-in journey without leaving the app. The native authentication feature is only available for mobile apps on [External ID for customers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/external-id/customers/concept-native-authentication). macOS is not supported. It is recommended to always use the most up-to-date version of the SDK.
```

Author: Added, thanks @nilo-ms

The master branch has been copied over to main branch. The master branch will contain updates only until version 1.2.14, for further releases please refer to 'main' branch instead of 'master'.

## Installation

> ### Using CocoaPods

Reviewer 3: specifically, to native auth, we have different instructions about how to use CocoaPods. Can we create a dedicated CocoaPod section or add a note for native Auth?

Author: Great call out, I'll create a different section for this. Thanks for letting me know.

The master branch has been copied over to main branch. The master branch will contain updates only until version 1.2.14, for further releases please refer to 'main' branch instead of 'master'.

## Installation

### Using CocoaPods

> **For browser-delegated authentication using MSAL iOS and macOS**

Reviewer 3: I'd avoid saying "using MSAL iOS and macOS" for this title and "using MSAL iOS" in the native auth title. If we want to say that macOS isn't supported for native auth, we should say it explicitly

Author: Got you, I'll update this section as we've explicitly stated this in the beginning paragraphs of the readme

> **For browser-delegated authentication using MSAL iOS and macOS**

Author: ```suggestion
**For browser-delegated authentication:**
```

> The master branch has been copied over to main branch. The master branch will contain updates only until version 1.2.14, for further releases please refer to 'main' branch instead of 'master'.

Reviewer 4: There's a typo in the title above this paragraph:

> Master branch **deprercation**

Author: Good spot, thanks @diegojerezba

end
```

> **For native-authentication using MSAL iOS**

Author: ```suggestion
**For native-authentication using MSAL iOS**
```
```suggestion
**For native-authentication:**
```

> To use the native authentication capabilities provided by MSAL in your iOS application, you need to specify the `MSAL/native-auth` dependency as follows:

Reviewer 3: I'd write this text like this:
```suggestion
To use the native authentication capabilities provided by MSAL in your iOS application, you need to specify `native-auth` as subspec for the `MSAL` dependency as follows:
```

```
use_frameworks!
 
target 'your-target-here' do
	pod 'MSAL/native-auth'
end
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Could you also add this note:
```suggestion
Note: If you're using the `native-auth` subspec, you must include the `use_frameworks!` setting in your Podfile.
```

### Manually

> 1. Check out the repository using the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repository using the following command.
```

```

> git clone https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc.git --recursive

Reviewer 2: This will clone the `dev` branch, which may be unstable -- we should instead direct customers to consume an official release.

Reviewer 2: Think we should consider linking off to Apple's instructions

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding-package-dependencies-to-your-app#Add-a-package-dependency

```

> 2. In your project, drag and add `microsoft-authentication-library-for-objc/MSAL/MSAL.xcodeproj`

Reviewer 2: Not sure this is an entirely clear state - "drag and add" to what? Think we could consider omitting these instructions and instead link to Apple's docs and leave the rest as an exercise for the reader

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/adding-package-dependencies-to-your-app#Add-a-package-dependency

Author: Thanks Brian, good call out here. We'll point them to this doc instead.
